=== 评论区（请补充评论正文） ===


Coleman Skydome

Customers say
Customers find this tent exceeds expectations, praising its ease of setup, spaciousness for 3-4 people, and ability to fit two cots and a pack-and-play perfectly. Moreover, they appreciate its water resistance, keeping them dry in rain, and its versatility for family camping. However, the durability receives mixed reviews, with several customers reporting that poles broke during first use. Additionally, opinions on value are divided, with some finding it good for the price while others advise against purchasing it.
AI Generated from the text of customer reviews
Generated from the text of customer reviews


Reviewed in the United States on August 15, 2026
Color: BlackberrySize: 4 personStyle: Pfas Free
Verified Purchase
Very simple to set up! So far, it has withstood two rainstorms with no leaks. Perfect size for my camping cot and mattress plus side table. We received a Skydome as a wedding present 20+ years ago, and it lasted until the end of last summer. I decided to stick with what works - so far, I have not been disappointed!



We loved the extra headroom. My husband is 6' and I am 5'8", it made a big difference. No crawling around. The wider doorway is also great, but the zipper cover made quick zipping to keep the bugs out a bit challenging. The airflow was a big improvement due to the "skydome." It helped to keep dampness out. The floor coming up higher on the sides all the way around helped with this, too. We weren't real crazy about the poles being attached to the corners, but we dealt with it. The setup was definitely not 5 minutes, but maybe we'll get faster over time. A bit pricey, but our new favorite tent.


I ordered the tent in October. I finally got to use it in December. For the most part it is a good tent. It is roomy and has acceptable head room.

The set-up instructions leave a lot to be desired. Someone inexperienced with tentage might have trouble. Like most Coleman tents the tent pegs are insufficient for any application outside of your lawn. The biggest problem with the tent is the storage bag is too small and it already ripped after the third time I stored it. The seams have seam tape, and I assume they will not leak. However, I cannot attest to that since I haven't used it in the rain.

I was able to set it up and tear it down by myself, but I have been camping with a variety of tentage for over 60 years.

It would be fairly easy to set up for two people once they figured out the procedure.

I give it 4 stars because for the price point it is fairly well made.





We used this tent last year to go camping with my family. It was just me and my husband in the tent and the perfect amount of space for the two of us. We did not get wet, but we did put a tarp under our tent and that helped as well. It also kept majority of the bugs out too which was important to me lol. We loved it overall!!