=== 评论区（请补充评论正文） ===

CORE 6P Instant Cabin


Customers find the tent easy to set up and appreciate its quality and spaciousness, being big enough for a queen air mattress and two camping cots. The tent performs well in various conditions, with one customer noting it handled 10 mph breezes effectively, and customers consider it worth the price. While the ventilation system receives positive feedback, customers report issues with flimsy zippers, and durability concerns include holes and rips in the top mesh.




I’ve had this tent for about 2 and half years now and I love it. It’s super quick and easy to put up, literally done in a few minutes including staking it down. I can’t stand putting poles together, so this tent is perfect for me. I’ve only had one issue and it was a small tear in some of the mesh screen on the ceiling, however I think it was my fault on ripping it and I easily fixed it with some repair mesh tape. Other than that, no issues, it’s very durable. I also appreciate the height, being able to stand up inside is nice. The air flow vents work well also when staked out. I’ve never had any issues with leaking or waterproofing, it works great in the rain. We use cots and its fits 2 with plenty of spare room. Would definitely recommend.




If I were a tent salesperson, this would be THE tent I recommend! I am in my 50’s and very out of shape. I got this tent and I cannot begin to tell you how EASY it was to set up! You have to tug on the poles to extend them but they snap right into place. Everything unfolds to the point you don’t even really need to read the directions! :) I was so shocked and elated when something actually delivered what they advertised!! Very satisfied after my first weekend trip sleeping in this one. The ventilation is great! You do have a rain fly that comes with the tent and snaps right onto the poles. Easy peasy! Want to know what’s even easier!?? Taking it down! Bright buttons that you press on the four sides take no effort and it miraculously falls right back down. Fold it in reverse from the way you folded it out to set up. I was able to get this tent back into its carrying bag!! I have never done that before. I did a little dance! I hope no one was watching! lol Seriously, this tent is spacious, didn’t leak, set up like they claim it will, and the tear down and putting away was a breeze! Go ahead and get this one!



Great tent. Easy to put up and take down. Fits back into bag effortlessly. Also worth noting we had severe storms 5 days out of my 7 day inaugural trip with this tent and it stayed bone dry. Another great Core tent. Highly recommend.



Love this tent. I camp with my family 20 times a year and this tent is great it’s held up well in heavy rain, wind gusts up to 40mph and stayed standing when larger 10person tents collapsed around it. The hanger on the inside is surprisingly useful as well. There are 3 issues that could be improved. The two front zippers meet at an overlapping flap for rain. The zippers are hard to move past this point. I added a crimp to this spot to stop the zippers from getting stuck there. Before the crimp I spent many a morning needing to get out in a hurry and stuck fighting with the zipper. The other issue is the tightness of the fabric during breakdown and put away. I’m not sure if the material is shrinking with time but when closing the tent the legs seem tight to fold up and stress the fabric. Overall it’s a good value, the weight is manageable, and overall a great design. Please note the white and green color looks cool but does not block light. So when the sun is up you are too. Happy Camping.