=== 评论区（请补充评论正文） ===

Customers say
Customers find the tent easy to set up and appreciate its value for money. They describe it as spacious, being roomy enough for two people and keeping them dry in the rain. The durability receives mixed feedback - while some say it held up well, others report issues with poles breaking during first use. The fit also gets mixed reviews, with some saying it accommodates a queen-sized air mattress while others find it too tight for four people.

Top reviews from the United States

Rick R
5 out of 5 starsIf you factor in cost, it's five stars
Reviewed in the United States on February 25, 2013
Color: Palm GreenSize: 4 Person
Verified Purchase
Deciding how many stars to give a product is a tough call, because you need to factor in cost. Are we giving out stars based 'just' on the product itself relative to others regardless of cost? The Hyundai we had I'd rate as 5 stars based on how much we paid for it, but is it as nice as a new mercedes? of course not. For the money, this tent is definitely a five star tent so I'm going with that. Is it the "best" ten out there of course not. Go to some other camping sites though and see how much a similar sized "high quality" tent costs. Like others have mentioned this tent sets up easily (rain fly was a bit more annoying but not difficult) and does the job. I haven't had to use it yet in the rain so I can't vouch for how it hold s up in the rain, but I did use it under fairly heavy winds and it held up fine (although the windward side of course was pushed in some due to the wind.) Like others have mentioned, it's not a "4 person" tent - but neither are the expensive tents what they claim to be either so I'm not going to hold it against the product for claiming to be a 4 person tent. I'm 6'1'' (220lbs) and had plenty of room with all our gear and one other person in the tent. If I was sharing it with my wife, she and another child could fit in there with gear but it would be tight. All that being said, it was actually bigger than expected inside based on what I was imagining when I heard others complain about it not being large enough.


I live in Florida so what I liked was that it very large netted windows which allows for a lot of cross breeze (obviously with the rain fly up this would be limited.) The two small pockets hanging inside were a nice touch.


NOTE: Although I gave this five stars, I did so based on the cost so I will add that if I were going to purchase a tent that I needed for hardcore camping (for example I need to rely on for a month straight of camping while hiking the Appalachian trail), I'd go with a higher quality built tent. This tent, although it's great for my casual weekend camping needs, does seem like it might rip very easily or break at the seams (but it hasn't yet for me.) If you're a hardcore camper you probably aren't even reading this review anyway and are going straight to REI or something:) Also if it's primary use would be for camping in very cold climates with snow, I'd probably get something more durable as well. For the majority of people though, I think this tent would be perfect, especially if on a budget.




Reviewed in the United States on July 22, 2026
Color: Spruce GreenSize: 2 Person
Verified Purchase
I bought this Coleman Sundome Camping Tent with Rainfly for my son to use on camping trips. We've been using it for a while now, and everything has been great. It's easy to set up, has held up well, and provides plenty of space and good protection from the weather. The quality is excellent for the price, and we're very happy with this purchase. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable camping tent.

7 people found this helpful

------

5 out of 5 starsGreat tent for warm, wet weather
Reviewed in the United States on August 9, 2026
Color: Navy BlueSize: 4 Person
Verified Purchase
In the short time I’ve had this thing it’s been through a bunch of heavy downpours and I haven’t had any issues with leakage. Plenty of space for a two person sleeping mat and it’s well-ventilated. Easy set up and the little welcome mat it comes with is a nice touch to give you a clean spot to take your shoes off before getting inside. Best tent I’ve ever owned so far.

7 people found this helpful



4 out of 5 starsNice tent - with some qualifications
Reviewed in the United States on August 30, 2013
Color: Palm GreenSize: 4 Person
Verified Purchase
My new tent arrived yesterday. I'm taking it camping for the first time soon. So today, I set it up in my backyard to examine it, practice set up and also to spray it down with a water repellant. It arrived in the usual rectangular coleman zippered package (that I find useless for re-packing) and all parts were included: green/white/gray tent, green/white rain-fly, 2 long fiberglass poles whose pieces are connected by a stretchy thick string (for the tent), 1 medium length fiberglass pole with pieces connected by stretchy thick string (for the rain-fly) and 9 medium grade steel stakes about 7" long with the classic L shape on top (no plastic on stakes). I haven't set up a tent like this in several years and I tackled this project alone fairly easily in just a few minutes.


First, I hung the rainfly on an outdoor clothesline and lightly sprayed the inside of the rainfly with Kiwi Heavy Duty Water Repellant. While that was drying, I set up the tent. It took me maybe 5 to 7 minutes, alone, to set it up. There was a little wind blowing, so that made it slightly interesting, but I just used common sense and got it up pretty easily. After I'd initially set-up the tent, I returned to the rainfly, flipped it and sprayed the outside material with a good, heavier coat of the Kiwi product, paying special attention to the seams again.


Then I returned to inspect the tent while the rainfly was drying.


The gray material sewn into the bottom of the tent is a very cheap grade tarp material. I doubt it would stand up to heavy abuse but should be fine for my purposes - I'll be sure to put a heavy duty tarp under the tent (called a footprint) to protect it from damage from rocks or such. I'll also use a lightweight floor cover of some kind inside to help prevent any nicks to the tarp material (it really is very thin).


The rest of the tent material is very thin, standard tent material with double stitching on the seams.


On two sides of the tent, the see-thru mesh is expansive covering most of the side and there is no option for covering this mesh (other than attaching the rainfly). The door and the rear window both have zippers to raise tent material over mesh material for privacy and rain protection. Those zippers can let down the tent material to allow air to breathe through the mesh. The door & window have a zipper inside. There are two small mesh "pocket pouches" on the inside for storing stuff. These are about 8" x 8", roughly I'd guess (didn't measure, but they're fairly small). They're sewn into the mesh sidings and hang on the inside. On the front, left bottom of the tent, where the gray tarp material meets the tent material, there is a small opening/port to run an electrical cord. There is a small loop at the top of the tent to hang a lightweight light. I'm 5'10" and I couldn't stand up in the tent but the tent's interior height wasn't bad to move around in just the same - not too cramped.


In setting the tent up, one thing I liked was that the poles fed through tent-material loops along the top and then there were also 2 clips on each of all 4 sides (to further secure the tent to the pole). To me, this is the best of both worlds (loops vs clips).


As with most tents, the size rating of "4 people" is ambitious. I expect it may sleep 2 adults and 2 kids semi-comfortably, but not 4 adults unless they were put in like sardines in a can with nothing else inside. I'd call this a roomy 2 person tent, so it should suffice for my purposes (and is 'why' I didn't opt to purchase the smaller 2 or 3 person variation).


After I set the tent up, I sprayed the exterior with the Kiwi Heavy Duty Water Repellant, being sure to extra cover all of the seams - especially those seams where the tarp material meets tent material.


I gave the newly applied Kiwi water repellant a few minutes to dry on the tent and then I took the rainfly (that was mostly dry from it's Kiwi water repellant application) and attached it to the top of the tent. This took maybe 4 or 5 minutes, as I tied out the sides to give the rainfly room to "breathe" above the tent.


Note on Kiwi Heavy Duty Water Repellant - I'd buy two (2) 12oz spray bottles for this job. It's tough to get good coverage and you have to take your time with multiple light sprays. However, any "runs" won't show after it dries (unlike polyurethane). This stuff is smelly and should be applied outdoors on a non-windy day. I preferred the Kiwi over a polyurethane product because it's easier to apply and clean-up after, understanding that polyurethane spray would last longer.


I left the tent to dry in my backyard, with a gentle wind blowing steadily, for several hours. It handled the gentle wind very well and looked the same set-up upon my return.


Taking it down was easier than setting up and took just 3 or 4 minutes. But there was no way I could repack that tent into the Coleman rectangular carrier that it came in - not without significant effort and more time than I want to spend on it. So I'll use a large nylon bag that I have to store it in, along with the poles and stakes.


The tent is fairly lightweight, but I can't imagine one person back-packing this on a long hike. You'd need to split the tent and poles between two hikers, I'd guess.


I'll update again after my tent's first use. There's rain expected on my trip, so we'll see how well it holds up against that.


5 out of 5 starsAn amazing value. It has warmed this tent snob’s heart.
Reviewed in the United States on July 15, 2023
Color: Palm GreenSize: 4 Person
Verified Purchase
I bought this tent in 2017 to have as a backup because the price was so good and I’ve had great luck with Coleman products.


At the time, I was sleeping in an REI half dome 2+ or the Eureka! Cabin. Due to the price point, I had low expectations for the Sundome. I was also concerned that it lacked a vestibule and full coverage fly. I’m more accustomed to features of higher end tents. I’ve spent a fair bit of time in the woods. Mostly car camping, but I’ve also taken trips backpacking and canoe/portaging. I tend to overthink and overpay.


Well… this thing is a beast. Since the purchase I’ve become involved with both Girl Scouts and BSA as a volunteer assistant leader. I camp at least once per month April - November. I attend week long camp each summer, in a tent.


Initially, I pulled this out to buy me time to shop for a new (read: overthought and fancy) tent to use for all of these events. The thing is - this Sundome works so well, I’m just going to use it until it dies a glorious death in service to outdoors enjoyment and youth mentorship.


I’m laying in it in the north woods of Wisconsin as I type this, in a thunderstorm. It’s the third one this week - and this Coleman work of genius has yet to take on so much as a drop of water. We had Ozark Trail tents that completely flooded out, and Marmot tents (no hate, I love Marmot gear and clothing and raincoats) that leaked from the ceiling.


I bought this thing in 2017!! I spent less than $100! There is not a full coverage rainfly! It boggles the mind that this is possible.


Does this have bells and whistles? No! Of course not. Look at the price tag. This is the Toyota Corolla or Honda Civic of tents. Base model. It does what it needs to, and it won’t let you down. It has two well placed pockets. It has a ceiling ring to hang a battery powered lantern. It has a door with a window on top, and a window opposite. It’s not tall enough for my 6 foot frame to stand in, but I only require a slight hunch to dress. It’s got a bathtub floor. You can set it up by yourself easily. I can fit a Coleman trailshead II cot with ease. I could squeeze 2 in here if needed - but it’s probably not ideal.


I’ll probably pick up an expensive tent with all the bells and whistles down the line - because I know who I am, and I sleep in a tent often enough to really appreciate the small touches of the ~$400 tents (still cheaper than one weekend in a hotel near me). That said, I love this tent. I truly love it. It has sheltered me for at least 50 nights in everything from snow to thunderstorms to surprise sub freezing temperatures. I feel guilty having paid so little for something that has done so well by me.


If you’re the engineer that designed this baby I want to buy you a drink and shake your hand. It could be that I got the opposite of a lemon - but this old tent just keeps going strong.


You will never find something this good at this price point for a tent. If you’re looking to try camping, have a backup tent, or if you’re just strapped for cash - buy it.


Thank you Coleman for making such a tremendous value available.


------

5 out of 5 starsGreat price for a great tent & got it next ...
Reviewed in the United States on August 27, 2017
Color: Palm GreenSize: 4 Person
Verified Purchase
Great price for a great tent & got it next day w/$4.99 shipping made me camp-ready fir $70 by the following weekend. Bought seam-sealer as well, just in case, but as-is did a great job keeping out the wet & bugs in NW Missouri during 2017 solar eclipse weekend (light rain morning & afternoon 2/3 days).

Definitely follow the recommendation to set up w/2 people. Extra set of hands during the raising part of setup avoids risk of forcing/damaging tent or possibly hurting yourself by off-balance leaning on muddy/uneven ground.

When set up, pulled 4 corners taught and the front gray/tub surface beneath the door was wrinkled like maybe the base is not really square or maybe one of the extension poles is longer than the other and pulling oddly on that section of fabric from a higher angle, but tent worked beautifully regardless and I will be using it again in the near future. (Also hard to tell if ground was weird or just my tent has that quirk.)

Breakdown was super easy for 1 person, even able to wipe off residual moisture and dirt/mud during fold-up & rolling. Tent & hardware tucked back in to carrying case with room to spare for odd accessories (small addit. tarp w/stakes & ties, seam-sealer bottle, and small flashlight for inside erected tent).

Tons of room for 1 person in sleeping bag on twin-size air mattress, had space for all my gear and room for my 3 camping companions to sit inside w/me in event of rain (they had their own tents). Could stand but had to bend head so inside clearance probably 4'6"-5' high at center.

Plenty of room for 2people to sleep plus gear. 3people sleeping plus gear would be pretty tight functionally. Would not recommend 4people unless gear kept in vehicle, separate tent, or you're all light campers and don't mind snuggling up together.

The included, small exterior ground-tarp ("welcome mat") is basically useless for that purpose, better to place it in the corner nearest the door and remove footwear outside, then place muddy shoes atop mat so they can dry inside tent.

At the end of the day, great product, have already recommended it via Amazon to friends & family.


Coleman brand might incorporate a soft-sided 4-walled w/lid water resistant "shoebox" in right front corner of tent (nearest corner to door as you enter w/o fulling unzipping door). Have 2 access zippers, one on the outside (similar to power-plug access and more like upside-down window flap) above gray-bathtub base for placing shoes inside from exterior, one on inside lid for dry-air ventilation w/o contaminating majority area of tent w/whatever may be on shoes. Just a suggestion.


-----


5 out of 5 starsSo far, so good...
Reviewed in the United States on May 30, 2014
Color: Palm GreenSize: 2 Person
Verified Purchase
I'm posting this review as a two parter. Part 2 will come sometime in early August for those interested, and I'll try to make the entire review as thorough and specific as possible, as I personally appreciate a good review. I'll also divide into sections.


~Set-up: So, first off, I ordered it a few days ago and just got it today. I put it together in the living room the first chance I had and as far as difficulty, it was pretty easy. There are just two main poles that you insert after you've staked your tent corners. Took me about 10-15 minutes(I'm not a tent expert, but I have set up a few ). I attached the included rain fly after I pitched the tent and, again, it was very easy; although the instructions recommend doing this while the tent is still laying flat. Either way, it fits perfectly on top and makes a nice sort of awning over the front and back.

~Space: It's 7 by 5 feet, so as a 6 foot tall person, I fit pretty nicely long ways and even more comfortably diagonally. I bought this for a weekend camping/float trip with my girlfriend who is about 5'3" and I'm confident that we'll both sleep comfortably with some of our stuff. Don't worry about those negative Nancys saying "I'm tall and there's no way this is 7x5". I measured it, and it indeed is.

~Stuff: It comes with the usual gear: tent, poles, rain fly, stakes, instructions and a bag for everything. Now, the stakes are a little scrawny looking, but I'm sure they'll hold up just fine for our intended light use. I wouldn't mind having some beefier ones, so I may pick up a set before the trip. On the inside, there are two high-hanging mesh pockets. Plenty of windows with a little vent area towards the bottom as well as a sweet, huge, open-mesh top for clear weather nights(don't worry, the rain fly covers this top very nicely). There's also a good zippered electrical cord port on the front left bottom corner if you're at a site with electricity. The bottom of the tent is a nice tarp-like material that actually runs up the sides about 6 inches or so.

Overall, I'm very satisfied with the size and quality of this tent, given the cheap-but-not-too-cheap price. I'm going to get some water-proofer for this baby and I know I'll be juuust fine. Part 2 of this review will come after the trip when I actually use the tent towards the end of July and I'll try to keep it a little more simple by just telling you how the tent treated me. I will say this: if you're on a budget and looking for a decent tent, this one is worth it.